Add neurips 2020 blog post (#167)
VowpalWabbit/vowpalwabbit.github.io: _posts/2020-12-16-neurips2020.md

---
title: "VowpalWabbit @ NeurIPS 2020"
layout: blog
tags:
description: NeurIPS 2020 VowpalWabbit Workshop
author: Jack Gerrits
avatar_link: https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/7558482?s=400&u=21e4cca683799d65a20a4cf3d11d0c17853ef9cb&v=4
---

For a long time John Langford and others has presented about VW at the yearly NeurIPS and ICML conferences. This year was no different, apart from the fact that for the first the first time NeurIPS was completely online and remote. Because of this the complete workshop is now accessible online too.

A huge thanks to everyone who presented, and especially Jacob Alber who organized the entire workshop.

> The entire presentation is available [here](https://slideslive.com/38942331/vowpal-wabbit).

Reviewer: you can embed the talk in the post

Reviewer: https://github.com/devopsdays/devopsdays-web/          pull/8096/files

see that example (remove spaces in link)

Author: Thats awesome, @cheng-tan would you be able to take a look?

Reviewer: ```
        <div class = "row">
          <div class = "col">
            <div id="presentation-embed-123"></div>
            <script src='https://slideslive.com/embed_presentation.js'></script>
            <script>
              embed = new SlidesLiveEmbed('presentation-embed-123', {
              presentationId: '123',
              autoPlay: false // change to true to autoplay the embedded presentation
              });
            </script>
          </div>
        </div>
```
Something like this, probably without tabs/spaces bc markdown gets weird with it.

### Sections:

- Introduction
    - Presenter: John Langford
    - Start time: `00:00:19`

>     - [Slides](/assets/files/01_VWIntroduction.pdf)

Reviewer 2: wondering if these slides should be in vowpalwabbit/workshop repo instead of here.

---
title: "VowpalWabbit @ NeurIPS 2020"
layout: blog
tags: Workshop
description: NeurIPS 2020 VowpalWabbit Workshop
author: Jack Gerrits
avatar_link: https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/7558482?s=400&u=21e4cca683799d65a20a4cf3d11d0c17853ef9cb&v=4
---

> For a long time John Langford and others has presented about VW at the yearly NeurIPS and ICML conferences. This year was no different, apart from the fact that for the first the first time NeurIPS was completely online and remote. Because of this the complete workshop is now accessible online too.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vowpal Wabbit, John Langford and others have been regulars at the yearly NeurIPS and ICML conferences. This year was no different, apart from the fact that for the first time NeurIPS was completely online and remote. A benefit of this is that the complete workshop is now accessible online.
```

Reviewer: here, see that the first "first" is removed @cheng-tan

> A huge thanks to everyone who presented, and especially Jacob Alber who organized the entire workshop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A huge thanks to everyone who presented, and especially to Jacob Alber who organized the entire workshop.
```
